chore: release notes for hotfix 6.3.1 (#12788)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: api/release-notes.md

[technical change log]: https://github.com/Opentrons/opentrons/releases
[opentrons issue tracker]: https://github.com/Opentrons/opentrons/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Abug

---
## OT-2 Software Changes in 6.3.1

Welcome to the v6.3.1 release of the OT-2 software! This hotfix release addresses a few problems.

> ### Improved Features

Reviewer: I think this is a bug fix since the hold time issue was a regression introduced in 6.3 / PAPI 2.14

Author: Ok! I'm agnostic really

> - ``set_block_temperature`` did not support a hold time in API version 2.14; now it does!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specifying Python API version 2.14 no longer prevents ``set_block_temperature`` from executing a hold time.
```
Wording it this way because you could still lower your API level as a workaround while running 6.3.0.

### Bug Fixes

- Plates will sometimes get stuck in a Thermocycler GEN2 after a PCR cycle

> - The Thermocycler GEN2 plate eject will sometimes eject plates too energetically

Reviewer: Maybe combine these? Something like
` - Changed the Thermocycler GEN2 plate ejection behavior to prevent plates from getting stuck after PCR cycles or being ejected too forcefully.`

…and come to think of it, that sounds more like an `Improved Feature`, so maybe this is a swap scenario 🔃
